I want to create MERN Social Media
A social media application built with the MERN stack, featuring functionalities such as user profiles, posts, comments, and likes. It also includes an admin panel for managing users and content. 
 I want it to be hosted free on GITHUB modern sleek easy to use professional but have flair  using a color like canvas purple blue

You have come to the right place if you are trying to restructure your life to become a happier version of yourself. Many of us do not have friends and family to turn to for support. Oftentimes, we don't see it when we are growing up, therefore we don't even know where to begin to create one. The next thing you know we are thrown into womanhood, juggling education, career, and family. This is a place where women can gather to support each other. We aim to help women build healthy habits and make new friends along the way. Both listening and giving advice are encouraged. To help navigate please take a short test so that we can connect you to the groups that we think you will enjoy. Leading you to one step closer to making friends with like-minded people. You can leave a group at any time and the test is not mandatory you are able to manually select the groups you are interested in.

There will be no politics or religious views here, nor any selling of merchandise. This is a place for making friends and getting advice.

Groups:
Tech 
Organization
Developing personal schedule
Developing a family schedule
School
Career

Health
    Pregnancy
    Menopause
    Miscarriage 
    Weightloss
    Stress
    Mental
    Cancer
    
Vent:
       Vent about school
       Vent about husband
       Vent about inlaws
       Vent about career
       Vent about family
       Vent about Health
       Vent about Life in general
   
Gratitude
Meditation
Connect to people around your age
        20
        30
        40
        50
Advice section
Resource section
Messaging board
Chat rooms and Messenger
Friend request
Blocking
Report
Login/Logout



